It's not a bachelorette party, we're just
meeting up to go over a few last minutes things.
So, no male strippers?
No, it's at Nora's house.
- Hey morning.
Is that Justin? Yeah, dad, I gotta go...
Did you talk to him yet?
- No, I will, I will.
- When?
Ok, can we talk about this later?
I don't mean to keep pressuring sure, but you're
pregnant. You... you have to tell him before the wedding.
Yeah, all right, I  love you too, bye.
Hey, have you seen my keys?
You're not getting away
that easy, Mrs. Walker-to-be.
I thought you wanted to sleep in.
I mean, this is your
first day off in forever.
Yeah, so let's start it off right.
I'm serious, okay?
I really need you to
help me find my keys.
I have to go.
Look, my midterms are
finally over, all right?
I think I aced 'em.
Here they are. Okay, listen, I'm sorry.
There's just so much going
on before the wedding.
I'll call you later. Go
get some rest. You need it.
God, who knew a fertility
clinic could be so steril.
What were you expecting, silk sheets?
I feel like I'm about
to have my teeth cleaned,
- not make a baby.
- You'll be fine.
Will you come with me?
No. It's a clinic, not a motel.
Yeah, well, what if I can't, you know
well, that's what the porn's for.
- Porn, really?
- Oh, yeah.
There's, like, a smorgasbord
of smut and filth back there.
Oh, when I did this for Tommy and Julia,
there was this one...
- Wait. What was it called?
- Oh.
Gentlemen...
which one of you would like to go first?
I will.
- Mom.
- I'm in the shower.
Oh, hey, mom. Hey, you know what?
It is such a beautiful day,
I thought maybe we could
go do something with
Evan. How about the park?
That's good. Let's do that.
Great. We have to make
sure she's not there.
She?
- Shh. Nora, I think she's still here.
- Oh, my God.
Kitty, get out of here!
Oh! Oh, my God! Oh, oh.
Oh, my God. Look at this place.
Did your mother pass away last night?
Au contraire.
I just walked in on her and Simon...
in the shower...
together...
Naked.
Good for her.
It's a whole new day in Pasadena.
Oysters.
Kitty. Oh, Kitty, I'm so sorry.
I... I should've locked
the door. I just didn't...
Oh, no, no, no. I'm sorry, mom.
I'm so sorry. But I can't
even look at you right now.
Well, I'm having a hard
time looking at you, too.
Can we look at the coffee pot?
'Cause there's nothing brewing.
Oh, I forgot to set it. Sorry.
But I'll do that right
now. As soon as I...
Oh, sorry, folks. We're out of eggs.
We'll have to have cold
cereal this morning.
And we can't have that
because we're all out of milk.
We always have milk.
The Northridge earthquake,
el Nino the L.A. riots...
We always have milk.
Kitty, if you feel
that strongly about mi,
Then get in the car and go get some. No.
I want to know what happened
to my mother, mrs. Robinson.
Please.
Hey, I'm sorry about what
just happened in there.
- Hey.
Uh, coffee?
Uh, I'd love some.
Oh, but it isn't ready yet,
And there isn't any milk.
He drinks it black.
- I'm Robert.
- Simon.
Yeah, we met, I think,
at, Nora's benefit.
Justin's robe probably threw you off.
Hey!
Look. There's a baked
Alaska from last night.
Anyone want it?
Au revoir.
So long.
You'll be glad to know,
I'm attempting closure.
I just dragged Luc into the trash...
You're never gonna believe this.
I just caught mom in
the shower with Simon.
Oh, my God.
Did you see...
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Thank God there's a curtain.
But were they doing it?
I don't know. Maybe, maybe.
But her bed was unmade.
I can't believe this.
I get dumped and my mom's
having hot shower sex?
Just shoot me now.
Yeah, well, don't worry.
I gave her a hard time.
Hi, Kevin.
- I get to tell him.
- Hey, Sarah. How you doing?
Mom's having a torrid
affair in the shower.
What?
- Thanks a lot, Sarah.
- Sorry, Kit. He called me first.
Besides, you have a
husband. Just give me this.
I am so regretting being a
sympathetic brother right now.
If this is a pity call, you
can just go back to work.
I'm not at work.
I'm waiting for my husband
to finish masturbating.
Yeah, well, sometimes
it's easier that way.
No, we're at the fertility clinic.
- We're getting tested today.
- Hello!
Hang on.
Okay, you're both on speaker.
Talk amongst yourselves.
Oh, Kevin.
You wouldn't have believed it.
She's all googly-eyed with...
With that after-sex glow,
and... and I swear to God,
I thought they were gonna
light up in the kitchen.
I really can't listen to this right now.
Your turn.
There is not a dvd in the
whole of West Hollywood
that could counteract what I just heard.
- Oh, that's Justin.
- Justin. I get to tell... do I get to tell Justin?
- Hold on.
- No, no, no, take it.
Look, if there's a chance
in hell of me procreating,
I have to hang up right now. Bye.
Hey, uh, how's it going?
Am I on suicide watch or something?
No, I just wanted to see
if you and Luc wanted
to hang out tonight.
Oh, Justin.
- Luc left.
- What, he left? Left where?
He dumped me.
Oh, no. I'm sorry. I didn't...
I didn't know that happened.
Ah, it's okay. I'll get over it.
Anyway, there's better news.
Mom's having hot shower sex with Simon.
Eww. Who's Simon? Oh,
wait. The motorcycle guy?
Yeah, the guy she's been dating.
- She's dating him?
- Yeah.
- Where I have been?
- Uh, medical school.
Oh, in case it comes as
a surprise to you, Justin,
you are getting married,
and I'm about to meet
your fiancée at the dress shop.
- Well, tell her I said hi.
- I will.
Listen, guys. I've really
gotta get back to work.
I will see you later.
Hopefully they'll be out
of the shower by then. Bye.
Bye.
No, I'm not hungry.
You gotta eat something, Holly.
Well, I'll eat later.
Besides, I want to fit into my ess.
You know, you're not fooling anybody
with this pre-wedding diet routine.
You're a nervous wreck. That's
why you're not eating anything.
So what do you want me to say?
That you'll deal with the
reality of the situation.
That you'll cut back on the music
and the shellfish tower
or the 12-layer cake...
No. It is our daughter's wedding.
That you can't afford to pay for.
Your broker is in jail,
your money has evaporated.
What are you gonna do, Holly,
put it on another credit card?
You've maxed out three.
What bank do you think
is gonna pay for that?
So glad I stayed home this morning.
Holly, you're broke.
If you insist on having
the wedding your way,
the is one person that
can help you do it.
No. I amot asking Nora.
She is the mother of the groom.
She would be willing to
help you with some of this.
Yeah, yeah, she would help me,
and then she would rub it in my face.
If I ask Nora for money,
it's like nothing's changed.
After all these years,
I'm still dependent on
William Walker's money.
You're gonna land on
your feet. I promise.
And it's not like this is the only thing
that the kids need help with.
What else do they need?
They have an apartment. They have jobs.
Look, I just... I meant in the future.
They're starting a life together.
Don't put this wedding at
risk because of your pride.
It's not worth it.
I... I... j...
I... I just can't believe that
I don't have some other option.
So tonight, we definitely...
we have to go over the food,
we have to go over the flowers,
oh, and we have to definitely
go over your makeup.
Um, Kitty, I think they
took it in too much.
What's that? Let me see.
I think... I think they
took it in too much.
Oh, my God, Rebecca.
Oh, Rebecca. That is so beautiful.
It's... it's... it's...
okay, do a twirl. Do a twirl.
Okay, well, that... that's...
that's kinda the problem.
Well, hang on. Hang on.
Just... just a minute.
Excuse me. I... I think... I
think maybe you made a mistake.
It just... it seems a little tight.
- It's really tight.
- Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
I love it.
Let's...
No mistake.
You get, uh, boob job?
No. No, I didn't. No,
no. I didn't get a...
No, of course... of
course. I'm... I'm sorry.
Can you just give us a moment, please?
Rebecca, this is no big
deal. This is no big deal.
We can have this easily
fixed. Kitty, I can't breathe.
Okay. I can't breathe. Can you just...
Okay, okay, okay. Easy
does it. Easy does it.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
I got it. I got it. Rebecca, what is it?
No, I can't... I can't talk about it.
- Rebecca, is it... is it Justin?
- No, it's not Justin.
Come on. You can tell me anything.
Kitty, no, I can tell you. I
haven't even told Justin yet.
Oh, my God.
Are you pregnant?
Yeah.
Oh.
Kitty, you can't tell anybody.
Don't worry. Don't worry. Don't worry.
It's gonna be okay.
It's okay.
Sync by ReHelen - corrected by chamallow35
www.addic7ed.com
I thought I'd find you here.
Oh, well, I... I still...
I don't get it.
I mean, this system is
practically brand-new.
I know. It doesn't
make any sense, does it?
- Mm. So what happened?
- I don't know, Holly. They're looking into the valves.
But we have to let the
investigators do their work,
which, unfortunately, will take weeks.
But for now, we both know
that we shouldn't be in here.
Right.
If we start at 3:00, we'll be off...
- Justin, hey.
- Hey.
- What are you doing here?
- I just came to steal Kevin for some lunch.
- But I guess he's not here.
- No, no, he's at the fertility clinic
getting his little swimmers checked out.
Oh, uh, I... I think we got
this, guys. Thanks a lot.
- Hey, have you seen, uh, the picture of the egg donor?
- Excuse me.
Egg donor? I didn't
even know he picked one.
I guess I've been in a,
uh, med-school-induced coma
for the past three months.
So how, um, how are midterms?
Good, I think. You know,
they mail the results.
So I'm trying not to think about it.
I hear they're having
a... a marriage powwow
- at the house tonight?
- Yeah, I think they're making a quilt
- or sacrificing a chickenor something.
- So what about you?
Who's throwing the bachelor party?
Oh, um, you know, believe it or not,
I'm actually... I'm not much
of a strip club guy, so...
Wait a... wait a minute.
No self-respecting guy let's
another man walk the plank
without a proper send-off.
- So I'm throwing you a bachelor party.
- No, you don't have to...
- No, no, yeah, tonight. You in?
- Uh, yeah, yeah.
Good. Of course. Yeah...
Oh, it's your sister.
Hey, sweetie.
Hey, Rebecca's pregnant, and
she hasn't told Justin yet.
Really?
Did you hear me?
- Yes.
- Robert, what am I gonna do?
I'm sitting with Justin right now.
- What is she talking about?
- Oh, right. Okay. Just act... act cool.
- Well, my lips are sealed.
- All right, you know what?
- Let me... let me talk to her.
- Okay, so what do you think my options are?
- They're getting married in a week.
- Well, that sounds great.
Okay. Goodbye. She had to go.
Well, what was that all
about, wedding secrets?
As a matter of fact, it is.
I just... all right? I'm gonna...
- Yes. Okay, just separate...
- I'm separating.
Don't... ee-oh. Now where...
where do you want me to put the...
- In the sink.
- Don't you think the sink's full enough, mom?
Sarah, I thought you were here
- to go over the menus for the rehearsal dinner.
- I am.
- I'm just waiting on Scotty to weigh in.
- I... I think I...
- Eww, you got shells in it.
- Just got a little in.
Eww. No, I'll help you
here. All right, all right.
- What are you two whipping up exactly?
- Quiche, can't you tell?
Actually, I think your...
your mom's whipping it up.
- I'm screwing it up.
- No, you're not screwing it up. You're learning.
Oh, hey. Hi. I'm gonna
get this in the oven,
- and then I'll help you with the menus.
- Mom's a little preoccupied.
Ah. So what's with the, uh, cool music?
- Oh, Simon programmed mom's ipod.
- Finally.
- I've been a little busy with you kids.
- Made a few playlists.
This is "coolest 3."
- 3?
- 2.
- 2?
- I think it's 2.
- It's 2. Oops.
- Well, you guys surely have been busy.
Simon, don't you have cells to divide
- or research or something?
- As a matter of fact,
- I was in the lab first thing this morning.
- You got a lot done this morning by the sounds of it.
- Sarah.
- What?
No, no, Sarah's right.
Doctors shouldn't just hang
around making quiche all day.
Which is why I should
get ready to head back.
- See ya.
- Uh, I'm gonna walk him to the door.
Scotty, just put this
in the oven for me.
- I'll be right back.
- Sure.
Okay, what do you think of him?
Do you have good feelings?
Because I definitely do not.
- Why not? - Come on. I mean,
what 40-year-old doctor...
- He's 40?
- 5 at best, but it's weird, right?
Not to mention he's got
time in the middle of the day
- to make quiche and playlists?
- Well, he said he was going back to the lab.
He's got my mother
under some kind of spell,
like Prince Eric and the sea witch.
Oh, "the little mermaid."
God, I love that movie.
I can't wait to watch that with my
kid. Does that mean I want a girl?
Oh, how did you go with your sperm test?
- Mine won.
- Oh, yay.
How's Kevin? Is he mad?
How'd you guess? Although it's
not like his sperm are useless.
- I mean, they swim.
- Well, you know how competitive he is.
Okay, let's take a look at those menus.
Wait. W... what's this?
I'm just... I'm
googling the good doctor.
- Why?
- Because I don't trust him. It's all too good to be true.
I don't think he's that bad.
I mean, he... he's really
nice to your mom, right?
Bingo.
Simon Craig, M.D.
Malpractice?
I'm sure he's just an expert witness.
No, defendant in both.
Looks like they were
both for negligence.
Nora!
Holly.
Hi. I... I rang the bell.
- What?
- I... I rang the bell.
The... the door was open.
Oh. You know, our meeting is
not for another couple of hours.
Yeah, I need to talk with you.
Oh, okay. Well, the house
is really a mess. I've got...
No, no, no, this won't take very long.
I'm in a... bit of a...
a financial situation.
Oh. Is this about what
happened to the new wine?
Well, that certainly didn't help,
but, um, I invested a
lot of money in a fund...
and they lost everything.
Oh, my God.
- Obviously...
- Please.
I... I'm not the only person
that this has happened to. So...
No. I mean, open the
papers, it's everywhere.
Exactly. A... and I'm sure that
I'm gonna figure this all out,
but in the meantime,
we have this wedding,
and, um... well, all the plans
were made for the wedding
before this happened.
So...
Oh, you... you want me... you want me...
Yeah, well, I will pay
you back, obviously,
- every single penny.
- Oh, of course. Absolutely. Of course. Of course.
So how much do you need?
So you will...
Well, yeah. Hey, we're... we're family.
Oh, thank you.
So, um...
so besides the hotel...
Well, there's the hotel and the band...
and the band...
and the ukulele players...
The ukulele players?
Um... They're going to
play for cocktail hour.
No string quartet?
N... Nora, the entire wedding
has already been planned.
Fine, fine. Maybe they
can just play a quick set
during the reception...
and then let the other guys play.
Nora, this is what you did
at the engagement party.
What?
And I really don't wanto get
into any of this right now.
What, what, what?
I let you host at my house.
I gave you my home. What are...
Yeah, and you rolled your
eyes at every choice I made.
- No, I did not roll my...
- Holly, that...
you went into a panic
when I tried to move
your dining room table.
Well, you were gonna scratch the floor.
You put my table in the garage, Holly.
You know, this is a loan...
- that is completely...  a loan, a loan...
- And I am going to pay you back.
- Fine. Yes.
- I am the mother of the bride.
- You are the mother of the groom...
- Fine.
And your responsibilities are
flowers, liquor, photographers,
- that's it.
- Fine. Fine.
- Okay. God.
- Who shall I make the check out to?
You know what?
Forget it.
Holly.
Do you have any idea
how hard it was for me
- to come here and ask you for help?
- I said yes.
Yeah, with that many
string quartets attached,
That is not a yes.
Well, what's gonna
happen to the wedding?
Are you even gonna come
to this meeting tonight?
Themeeting is about
my daughter's wedding.
Of course I'm gonna come.
But this conversation between
the two of us never happened.
Wh...
Rebecca.
Hi. I'll be right out,
but, um, check the table.
There's something
from your school there.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Hey.
Those your midterm grades?
Yeah.
So how'd you do?
- I did great. I did great. Better than I expected.
- Great.
Yeah. Um, you know, I... I'm so sorry.
I completely forgot that I
have an errand that I gotta run
- before I go to...
- Oh, yeah, that's right. You're going out with the boys.
Yeah, going out with the boys.
Hey, um, I was thinking, maybe, uh...
maybe before we go to our
things tonight, we could talk.
Yeah. Uh, uh, absolutely.
Just, um, you know,
maybe... maybe not now.
Okay, yeah. No. Yeah.
Um, well, I was just,
you know, thinking,
because of everything
that's been going on,
we haven't really had a chance to,
you know, really... catch up.
I totally agree. I think we should talk.
But, uh, you know,
maybe...  maybe later.
Okay, yeah. No, you just got good news.
- You should go celebrate. Go, go, go, have fun.
- Okay.
Hey. Anyone here yet?
No, thank God.
Where's Simon?
He's in the shower.
- Oh, my God. How many showers does that guy take?
- Shut up.
- What are you doing?
- I need to talk to you.
What? Listen, listen.
Holly came by earlier.
And she told me the most shocking news.
I don't know what to do.
I think the whole wedding
- might be in jeopardy.
- Oh, my God, mom. I already know.
You do? Who told you?
Oh.
Rebecca.
Rebecca?
Well, how long has she known?
I don't know. I guess a couple of weeks.
A few weeks? Holly
thinks no one else knows.
Well, they don't. I'm
the only one who knows.
Oh, is Rebecca terribly upset?
Mom, she... she's a basket case.
She... she doesn't even
know if she wants it.
- Wants what?
- The baby. And she's not even gonna tell Justin
- until she figures it all out.
- What baby?
What baby?
Oh. Oh, my God.
No. N... no. Oh, we're not
having the same... conversation.
- Kitty...
- Huh?
- What baby?
- Mom, no. I... I... I...
- Kitty...
- No... no baby. I...
Look at me and start talking. What baby?
Justin, you have come so far so fast.
You remember a year and a half ago?
You were living with your mother.
Oh, don't worry. He'll be back.
Oh, come on. No, it's
not funny. It's my toast.
- Sorry. Sorry.
- And now you're about to become a doctor.
Can't tell you how proud
that makes an uncle.
You deserve all the happiness
that's coming to you.
You have a grand and
glorious future ahead of you.
- Congratulations. -
To Justin. - To Justin.
To Justin. Cheers.
Now, guys, come on.
Nobody wants one of these?
- They're Cubans.
- You know what? I think I'll try one.
Yeah, I like it, Wwandell.
- Wow. One good sperm count, he thinks he's Mark Twain.
- Mark Twain?
How you doing over there, Justin?
- Good. Yeah.
- Take a good look around,
because I may have thrown you
the gayest bachelor party ever.
Oh, you know what they
used to call gay men
- when I was a kid?
- What?
Bachelors.
- Uh-oh. That man needs a doctor.
Justin. - No, no, no, I'm not a doctor.
- D... don't put it out. It's $40.
- I'm sorry. I c... can't.
- I knew it. I knew he wouldn't be able to handle it.
- Oh, speaking of doctors,
- Did you hear what Sarah found out about Simon?
- This should be interesting.
Apparently, he has two pretty major
malpractice lawsuits against him.
Scotty, every doctor has a
malpractice suit against him.
-That's... that's nothing. That's
Sarah being a baby. Speaking of which,
have you and Rebecca thought about
- when you want to start a family?
- Oh, no.
What kind of a conversation is this?
- This is a bachelor party, not "The View."
Drink up. What's wrong with "The View"?
- I like "The View." it's one of the best shows on tv.
- I can't believe you guys.
Can we please change the subject?
What?
Wait. What's that?
- What's what?
- What's in your glass?
What do you mean, what's in my glass?
- This is champagne.
- So what?
- So what? You're a recovering addict.
- Yeah, an addict, not an alcoholic, Kevin.
- I'm not addicted to champagne.
- Oh, please. Like there's a difference?
- Kevin, it's a glass of champagne. Relax.
- I know. You're not allowed to have this.
It's at my bachelor
party. I think I can have
- A glass of champagne if I want to.
- No, I'm sorry, you can't, not in front of me.
- Are you serious?
- Yes, I'm serious.
- Guys, sit down.
- What the hell is wrong with you right now?
Kevin, you know what? You
have no idea what's the matter
with me right now.
Ooh, that's nice.
You know, Rebecca,
you totally have
that bride-to-be glow.
No, she doesn't. She's not glowing.
No, I don't see a glow.
Nora, she looks beautiful.
Well, yes, she looks beautiful.
- But she... she's not glowing.
- But I don't think she's glowing.
Okay, can we just stop
talking about my looks, please?
Sweetie, you haven't
even touched your wine.
- I'm not thirsty.
- Since when did you need to be thirsty to drink wine?
You know what? Don't drink it.
- You need a designated driver.
- Ah, absolutely.
Rebecca, I could use
a ride later, actually.
Okay, um, I say that we
focus on the big wedding.
Okay, Holly? Oh, you
know what we could do?
We could talk about the honeymoon.
No. No, we're here to
talk about the wedding.
So let's talk about the
big Hawaiian extravaganza.
Okay. Well, you know,
it doesn't have to be
an extravaganza or anything.
I'm good. I'm good.
Well, c... could you stop starin at me?
Sorry.
- Is it Justin?
- No.
- No, it's not Justin.
- I'm sorry. I'm just...
Okay, okay.
Excuse me.
- Whoa.
- Oh, here. I'll take that. Thank you.
- I hope it's not the quiche.
- No.
- Do you think he's been drinking for a while?
- No, I think we would know if he was.
- Yeah, hiding it was never his forte.
- Yeah, talk about cold feet.
- I think they're frostbitten.
- Oh, that poor kid.
He's gonna be dealing with
more than you can imagine.
Well, I don't find
marriage that rough. Do you?
I'm not talking about marriage.
Well, Robert, what
are you talking about?
Do you know something?
All right, look, the only reason
I'm telling you this is because
I'm really worried about him.
And you're gonna find out anyway.
I just... I think you
should be prepared.
Ah! A doctor who makes
playlists and cleans.
You're almost too good to be true.
I actually hate to clean.
It was better than being out there.
Why is that?
Well, it just... seemed
a little tense in there.
Mm. Well, I would've thought
you being a cancer doctor,
you'd be used to tension.
Well, I deal mostly with cells.
They multiply, but they don't get tense.
That's funny.
You're funny.
You do have flaws, though, right?
No.
I'm perfect.
Hmm.
What's going on, Sarah?
Why are we having this conversation?
Oh, I'm just getting to know you.
Hmm.
Well, I hate to clean.
I like greasy foods.
Not the most punctual
person in the world.
Does that help?
A little bit.
I appreciate you being
protective of your mom.
But you have nothing to worry about.
You do have to admit
that you and my mother
have kind of gone from...
- What are you doing?
- Oh, we're just chatting.
Really?
Ah, well, you've been
at the sink all night.
- Come with me. Why don't we let Sarah finish the dishes?
- Nora, it's fine.
No, you deserve a break. Come on.
Oh... Go away.
I'm not going anywhere.
I'm such an idiot.
Having one drink doesn't
make you an idiot, Justin.
It makes you human.
- I'm not gonna be a doctor.
- What are you talking about?
- You see, Uncle Saul, I'm failing.
- What?
- I got my grades today, and I'm back on academic probation.
- I'm sorry.
All that work I've done, so
many frickin' hours I put in,
I have to start all over again.
Oh, I'm sorry, Justin.
And, you know, I couldn't
even tell Rebecca.
She was standing right in
front of me when I found out,
and you know what I did? I took off.
Do you know how
disappointed I am in myself?
- Whoa, whoa, hold it.
- Hang on. Just... just...
- What?
- Just listen to me. You're about to get married, Justin.
You have your whole life ahead of you.
You just have to remember one thing.
Remember how strong you are every day,
because it never stops.
I miss Rebecca.
I miss what we used to be.
I mean, I feel like
we've gotten caught up
in all this wedding stuff,
And... I've lost my best friend.
She hasn't gone anyplace.
She's right there, Justin.
You know, they're
having some wedding thing
at my mom's house tonight.
- I think I should go talk to her.
- Yeah, you should.
The dishes are done.
Pots, too?
Come on, mom. I was
just making conversation.
Bull crap, Sarah.
You were rude. You
were interrogating him.
But it's like you're in a trance.
It's not just me that thinks so.
- Kitty does, too.
- The two of you have been discussing this?
Well, mom, coming into the
house lately, it... it... look.
It feels like an... an altered universe.
Well, I like the alteration. I'm happy.
I've been a little lax
with the housework. So what?
Don't take it out on Simon.
Listen to me. Fyi...
your Simon Craig, M.D.,
has two malpractice suits against him.
The first, failure...
to follow up a biopsy.
- The second was...
- And the second is delayed treatment, right?
You know this already?
Yes. You want to know what else I know?
Both cases... thrown
out. Insufficient grounds.
He didn't do anything wrong.
All doctors get sued.
But you can't believe
that someone that young and attractive
- can be a good guy and still want to be with your mother.
- Oh, don't...
He's a good person Sarah. Why
can't you just be happy for me?
- Look, I want to, mom. I really do.
- Sarah, Sarah...
- But there's something cr...
- Listen to me now.
I am really, really
sorry that Luc left you.
If I could bring him
back to you, I would.
But honestly, I think it's unfair of you
- to take your broken heart out on me.
- What?
- Yeah. Oh...
- What?!
I just... I just wanted
to let you know we're here.
- What happened to your big boys night out?
- Ugh. Wine first.
Uh, did Justin find out anything?
No, but we all did.
What?
Look, I... I... I need
to tell you something,
but I... I don't want you to get scared.
Well, now I am scared.
I mean... What's going
on? Did you talk to Kitty?
No, no, no. I didn't tell Kitty.
Um...
I had a drink at my bachelor party.
- Oh, my God, Justin.
- I'm so... I'm so sorry.
No, what were you thinking?
I wasn't thinking, which
is exactly why it happened.
- Yeah, but you can't be drinking.
- I understand that. I...
Rebecca, I already called my sponsor.
You know, Justin, we're about
to start a life together.
I... I know, which is why
I feel like I should be able
to tell you everything and
anything that is happening.
- No, I... I... no, no.
- But right now...
But, Rebecca, that's not
it. There's more, actually.
- I have to tell you something...
- No, no, I can't. I can't deal with this right now.
- I can't... I can't think about you falling apart right now.
- But I'm not falling apart.
That's exactly what I'm telling you.
Stin, you can't be doing
these things right now.
I'm under so much pressure at school...
Justin, you're gonna be a father.
- What?
- I'm seven weeks pregnant.
You're... you're seven weeks pregnant?
I didn't know how to tell you
before I knew what I wanted.
I mean, you don't want
a kid right now, Justin.
You told me that. What if you
convinced me to do something
- that I didn't want to do?
- Rebecca, what does that mean? I... I can't believe this.
- Justin, please just try to understand.
- Under...
D... d... does your
mother know about this?
No.
David does.
You t... you told...
Who else?
Rebecca, who else did
you tell about this?
- Kitty.
- Kitty?
I had to talk to somebody.
Not me?
You don't... you don't... you
don't talk about this with me?
I can't...
I should go in there.
No, no, Holly. Don't.
Something is very wrong. I can tell.
You all know, don't you?
Know what?
Your daughter is pregnant.
What?
Oh, he's still not answering.
I screwed this whole thing up.
And God knows where Justin is.
He's probably at a bar right now.
Yeah, well, if he is,
you probably don't want to marry him.
Yes, I do.
Of course I do. I love him. I
mean, why do you think it was
so hard for me to tell
him in the first place?
Why do you think it was
hard for me to tell you?
I just wish we had the
kind of relationship
- that you felt safe enough...
- Mom, you know that's not it.
I know you felt safe talking
to David, which is great.
- He's your father. You should feel safe...
- Mom, I love you and Justin
more than anything else
in this entire world.
That's why I couldn't tell you.
I mean, the idea that
you might not approve?
- What would make you think that I wouldn't approve?
- Because, mom...
you have always told me
that you had me too young.
Oh, honey.
Well...
That I had you at all
is the greatest,
most beautiful miracle of my life.
And I wouldn't change one bit of it
for anything.
Whatever you decide, I am on your side.
I am always on your side.
All that matters...
is what you want.
Do you know what that is?
Yeah, I do.
I want to have the baby.
I mean, I'm so scared, but...
I want to have it.
Then you need to tell Justin that.
- Please, just...
- But you're upset...
All right, please just go now, okay?
I just... I... I will
call you at another time.
Just not now.
Everything okay?
Fine. Just put those in the recycler.
I'll take care of everything else.
Sure.
So what happened with Simon?
Nothing. I just... I
just asked him to go home.
- That's all.
- Really? 'Cause that seemed like a very big "go home."
Look, Kitty, this is crazy.
- There's just too much going on.
- Well, what do you mean? What's going on?
Oh, yes, I know, Justin
and Rebecca, but, mom,
that doesn't mean that you
can't go out with Simon.
Not just that. It's
everything. It's everyone.
- Mom, can I have a word?
- No, Sarah. She just broke up with Simon.
No. Mom... I wanted to say,
I'm sorry. You were right.
I was just looking for
something to be wrong with Simon
because of my own crappy
romantic situation.
Yeah, and you know what, mom?
I was acting like a teenager,
and I was teasing you about the milk.
- And I was just googling him to distract myself.
- You googled him?
- I'm disgusting.
- Say it, Kitty.
- You're disgusting.
- No, she's not disgusting.
- No, she is.
- She is not.
- No, she googled him.
- She was trying to protect me, and I appreciate it.
Mom, he's a good guy. He's into you.
- You don't need protecting.
- Yeah. Mom, you... mom, stop.
- He makes you happy.
- I've got plenty of other things to make me happy.
Like what? Like us? Like what?
- You deserve to have fun.
- I did have fun. I got on his motorcycle for a while.
- I had fun.
- Okay, well, then don't get off.
Lead by example. You know
what would make me happy, mom?
To see you in a good relationship.
And seeing you in the shower
this morning with Simon...
and... and I'm not saying that
I want a repeat performance.
- I'm just saying that it made me happy.
- Take it from me, mom. Don't let this guy go.
- Yeah.
- You were doing something that was feeling good.
So go with it.
Yeah, yeah. You know what?
You have to at least give it a try.
You have to.
Yeah.
Okay, I'll give it a try.
Good. Good, good, good.
Mm.
Hey.
I guess this wasn't such a good idea.
When was she gonna tell me, huh?
Somewhere between "I do"
And "you may now kiss the bride?"
- I get it. You're pissed.
- Yeah, I'm pissed.
- She basically lied to me for weeks, Robert.
- I got news for you. People lie.
They lie in marriages.
They lie in relationships.
And sometimes it's
hurtful and sometimes...
Yeah, sometimes what?
It's how you get through the day.
You know, that's a dangerous
thing to say to an addict.
Yeah.
No, an addict lies to protect himself.
I'm not... I'm not saying that.
When I saw Kitty...
with her shaved head, I
told her she looked great,
That she was beautiful.
But the truth is, when I looked at her,
all I could see is that she might die.
And so I lied,
because it's what we do...
to protect and support
the people that we love.
- Rebecca's not trying to protect me, Robert.
- Maybe she's trying to protect the relationship.
I mean, she knows you've
been immersed in med school.
She knows how important that is to you.
I mean, look,
there are a million
reasons why people lie.
All I am saying is that now you know.
However it went down, you know.
So it seems to me you
should be thinking about
whether or not you want to be a dad.
Oh, God. Trust me. That's
all I'm thinking about.
Well, let me ask you a question.
Um...
Do you think it's an appropriate lie
to say you're happy to
have a baby when you're not?
That's something you're gonna
have to decide for yourself.
You're here.
Where else would I be?
I don't know. I kinda
thought that maybe...
I'd come home, and you'd
have your bags packed.
I'm not going anywhere, Rebecca.
I'm so sorry.
I know that I should've told you.
You can be mad at me.
Rebecca, I'm not mad at you.
I'm just...
I feel completely overwhelmed.
I know. I know.
It's a lot.
We're getting married...
A baby.
So that's what you want?
You want the baby?
Justin, when I was...
a little girl,
all I wanted was a family.
I mean, like a mom and
a dad who held hands
and did all of that stuff, you know?
I didn't have that.
But this baby could, you know?
We might be young and crazy...
but we love each other.
That's all we need,
right? Am I... am I insane?
No, no, you're not.
What do you want?
I want us to be happy.
What about the baby?
Yeah.
I want that, too.
You do?
Yeah, I do.
You're gonna be an amazing dad...
and doctor.
All right, come here.
Doctor dad.
Come here.
Oh, it's gonna be okay.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Greetings from
the mother-in-law.
Nora, what are you doing here?
I told you that I
would come and see you.
Yeah, I know, but I thought
about it, and it's ridiculous.
You work and I don't, and
like I said on the phone,
Holly, I'm happy to be able to do this.
I haven't worked out the schedule yet,
- but I will pay you back with interest.
- I don't want interest.
You know, Nora, please don't do
this. It's hard enough as it is.
- I don't need you to add pity to the mix.
- I don't pity you.
God, you take risks...
Ojai Foods, Walker Landing...
Mm-hmm, and yeah, with
risks, you fall... far.
Well, that may be, but
I'm not worried about you.
And trust me, Holly, no
one will know about this,
not ever.
We're gonna have to
learn to trust each other.
Even about ukuleles?
Oh, I thought about it,
and ukuleles are fine.
I like ukuleles.
Okay.
Uh, Nora.
Do you know what I'm
really nervous about?
What?
This whole grandmother thing.
Oh, my God. I forgot.
This is your first one.
Mm-hmm.
It sounds so old.
What are you doing here
in the middle of the day?
Everybody needs to stop
worrying about my broken heart.
I'm working. I'm fine.
Yeah, that's not why I'm here.
If you're here to talk about
last night's insanity, don't.
Oh, by the way,
I'm glad Scotty's
sperm's better than yours.
Us Walkers need to stop reproducing.
Yeah, well, I'm actually
here to talk about mom.
You know, I think she's in love.
I know. That's what I'm afraid of.
Oh, Scotty told you about
the malpractice suits?
Don't worry about it.
Apparently they were both
thrown out before they went to court,
and mom knew about them anyway.
Yeah, well, I did some googling myself.
Did you notice the dates
of when those lawsuits were thrown out?
It was around the same time
he stopped seeing patients
- and started research.
- What are you saying?
I'm saying, I think he
got his license yanked.
Oh, no. Kevin...
Sarah, your intuition
about this kind of stuff
is always dead on.
So what if you're right about this guy?
It's like a bad song I
just got out of my head,
and you just pressed "play."
Sorry.
Okay, mom. I'm leaving.
Is Robert picking you up?
Ah, no. See, it's funny.
They... they don't
take away your license
just because you have cancer.
I would say come back soon,
but I know you'll be back
for the next round of chemo.
I'm not just coming back
because of the chemo.
It's also the laundry.
There he is.
Coming.
Well...
Do I look all right?
Motorcycles are very
dangerous. Have I lost my mind?
Mom, get on the bike.
Yeah.
Hey.
Hi.
You ready?
Hi, Kitty.
Hi.
Thought we'd head south this time.
Manhattan Beach maybe?
We're going south.
Manhattan Beach. Let's go.
Mm.
Sync by ReHelen - corrected by chamallow35
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org